They say that the start of the 22nd century is full of marvels. The popular
media would like us to believe that the world is finally getting back on
track. I suppose part of me desperately wish I had that level of faith but I
don't. The world has always been a place of gross inequity and desperation.
Our planet and the leaders we choose to lead us are all giant messes. Nothing 
can change that.  

When my parents were still alive, I was resigned to accept my fate and stay
bound to this world. In their final days, they were quite sick and the
hospital bills piled up. The selfish part of me wished that it would be over
soon so that I wouldn't feel stuck in life. Social security and their retirement
funds were not nearly enough to cover the expenses and I found myself spending
all my time at hospitals or at work. With few remaining family members and
none who were able to make a decent salary, the pressure all fell on me.
Perhaps, I'm thankful that my own needs were so small with no spouse or
children. Part of me felt resentment that my responsibility towards my parents
have derailed my own pursuit of happiness. 

I have heard that things were different in the past. I only know that nowadays 
the middle class was a rare luxury -- either you were really rich or really
poor. My family was on the lower level of the spectrum but we were never truly
in poverty. Long story short, I grew up in the city of Houston which at one point was the
third largest city in the States. At one point, I heard that it was known as
Space City since a large NASA center was here. These are stories regaled to me
by my folks who remembered it as it was when they were young. Hurricane Ivana
in 2073 eradicated much of the city and it never returned to its glory days.

But I am not here to complain for I know a new life is beginning. My parents
in their eternal wisdom had life insurance and saved a good chunk more money
than I expected. When they passed, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that
not only were the burdens of supporting them gone but also I was given a
sizable amount in their will. I had one aunt on my mom's side but other than
that, I had no competition. I was glad to have received such a sizable
largesse for it meant that I was finally able to leave this world.

Many of friends have laughed at me for sharing my dream of leaving this world.
Perhaps they were jaded earlier in life than I or maybe just "realistic". The
financial means required to book a starship to a different planet was absurd
unless one wants to terraform Mars or live on a lifeless rock like the moon.
My dream has always been the same -- to go on my own ship to a different world
yet to be colonized.

There are hundreds of thousands of exoplanets discovered so far that are
potentially habitable according to the latest Scientific America report. With
the UN Agreement of Outer Planet Settlement signed by almost all nations in
the world, anyone who colonizes a planet will be recognized as an extension of
the parent nation of the person who colonized it. Some people still think we
should fix our own planet instead of abandoning it but I think this was a wise
move to encourage citizens to go out and explore. Why do we ever want to just
stay on this planet? Most of these planets have only vague details but they
aren't too far away to go and find out. By too far away, I mean maybe two
decades.

While I am standing here pondering on the path of life that has led me here,
the captain of the ship seemingly materialized in front of me. The captain was
a woman in her mid-30s, supposedly one of the youngest to pilot an
interstellar ship. I was not impressed. Most people pump up their credentials
or have connections to attain that prestigious role as a pilot.

"Chief Engineer, is everything ready?" she inquired.
